Tech
===

Why and How Does This Exist
---

The first question is easy to answer. This exists because it fulfills the follow criteria:

* I have wanted a small place on the internet to call my own. Facebook and Twitter, I got all that, but this is something I made and have complete power to do anything I want with.

	* I've been thinking about getting rid of my Facebook page anyway.

* I've needed/wanted to do some personal programming projects.

	* A blog-type thing seems fairly standard and it also gives me a small place on the internet to call my own, which, if you'll remember, is what we were talking about earlier.

As far as 'how?' is concerned, it was pretty simple. This thing is running on Node and Express. I basically ripped off my friend [Morgan's](https://twitter.com/morganherlocker) quick and simple blog engine [badblog](https://github.com/morganherlocker/badblog). I modified it enough to justify calling it my own. You can find it, in all its ridiculously-styled glory, [here](https://github.com/DanHanf/blog). 

Despite the ease of writing this thing, I learned a few things about Node and Express. I guess it's kind of inevitable that you'll learn a thing or two about programming just by programming. 

I decided to follow badblog's example in using markdown for posts and organizing said posts through the file system structure. I didn't want to have any kind of db to store my posts (no reason, other than a possibly misguided thought that there won't ever be enough posts to have any real effect on performance). I think my retrieval methods ended up looking okay, if a little callback-hellish. 

Anyway. A blog post about how a blog was created is probably one of the most boring things a person could post on the internet. Tune in next time, when I write about my next project: my concept for a [7DRL](http://7drl.org/) entry.