SOMEONE WHO HAS SEEN STAR WARS A FEW TIMES EACH HILARIOUSLY LIVE BLOGGED THE ORIGINAL TRILOGY
===

**3:12 PM** - Here we go, baby! These movies really take me back. I'm a pretty big fan, so I'm gonna watch them in the order they were released. New Hope!

**3:17 PM** - This VHS tape is pretty scratched up, but it's not too bad. The sound's a little wonky.

**3:18 PM** - What is 'tracking,' again?

**3:19 PM** - This is good enough.

**3:25 PM** - This is the part where the planet gets blown up, right? By Darth Vader and his his friend? I'm gonna pop a pizza in the oven real quick.

**4:30 PM** - My mom called. I didn't pick up but then she texted "URGENT!! CALL ME!!!" so I called back. Turns out my cousin Calvin was in a pretty bad car wreck. Cal and I used to be pretty close. When we were kids, his family would visit mine every summer and he and I would race our bikes up and down the block. One time we thought we'd tricked the dog into eating some poop we found on the sidewalk. Didn't realize until later that dogs are actually in to that kind of thing. We laughed pretty hard at that. Eventually, I guess, we grew apart. We'd talk around Christmas, maybe, or one of us would call the other making the rounds through the family. I'd actually been thinking of calling him the past few days and inviting him to visit for a weekend. "Just like the good old days," I was planning on saying. Mom said he's in pretty bad shape. At the hospital and everything. She said she'd let me know if she heard any news.

**5:02 PM** - Oh, shit, my pizza!

**5:05 PM** - I tried to scrape off all the burnt parts, but it's all just one big burnt part.

**5:14 PM** - Death Star's blown up and everyone's celebrating. On to Empire!

**5:23 PM** - Tracking again? I thought I fixed this the first time.

**5:28 PM** - Here we go.

**5:31 PM** - I forgot that you have to fast forward through all the ads on these.

**5:33 PM** - Ok, NOW here we go.

**5:36 PM** - Talk about iconic! Hoth's as iconic as it gets. I saw they make tauntaun sleeping bags now. So wacky!

**5:49 PM** - My stomach's growling pretty bad.

**6:09 PM** - I'm just gonna duck out and grab another pizza from the store. Be back in a few. 

**7:12 PM** - Mom called when I was on the road and really flipped out at me for answering the phone while driving. 

